All right, so what is a function?  A function is just a piece of reusable code.
So right now, your script--none of the scripts you've written so far have any functions;
it's basically just a whole bunch of commands.
So let's look at your 'cd' script:
So this is just one line and this would actually make a really nice function because it's just doing
two simple things.
It's going to 'cd' to a directory and then list what's in it. So you can actually do some cool here.
So if you do, 'vim .bash_profile'
So this command--or this file might not exist yet, and that's OK.
So we're going to paste this in...
and then to make a function, you give it a name and then two parentheses.
and then a bracket,
and the closing bracket.
After you type this command: 'source' that file
Now, you can just type 'cd'
You see?  So you're you basically overrode the the existing 'cd' command and made it your own with that.
If you're on Linux, um, you can--you might be able to add it to this command (file), '.bashrc'.  [To self] That doesn't exist either.
But this .bash_profile, you can basically put whatever functions you want in there.
And then when you log in--this is essentially the same thing as logging in.
It just reads this file.
So now, any time you use the 'cd' command, it'll list what's in there for you.
So now you don't even really need that script:
you don't have to go './cd /tmp'
So let's look at that.
There.
So this is just how you define a function: you have--you give it a name, the parentheses, and then
whatever code you want to run inside these brackets here.
So this could be, you know, just these two commands.
It could be a hundred commands.
It's usually better just to keep them keep functions relatively short and
simple so you can follow them.  But,
that works just the same.